Madam President, you are here at the right time
I want to report
The CEO forged the contract to avoid responsibility
They don't know what's going on at the State Department yet
That would be fine.
I was about to become the real president
How dare you come to the company?
Aren't you afraid that I will expose your lies again?
Song Nian still dared to talk back when she was about to die
Wang Jia, didn't you get fired?
This is a letter of recommendation written by Mrs. Yin
Madam Yin is the founder of Nangong Group
Also a major shareholder
It has more power than you, the appointed president
The kind that grandma officially plays
Doesn't he know that my actor is a fake?
I didn't expect the president's wife to be the new director
Or because the old lady appointed it herself
This is much more advanced than some mistress who comes in through relationships
Now.
I remember you were fired, right?
But now I'm Director Ann
The newly appointed deputy director?
You just left?
What about the forgery of the contract?